(DOCS) Add link to pql tutorial. (#807)
puppetlabs/bolt: pre-docs/writing_plans.md

### puppetdb\_query

> You can use the `puppetdb_query` function in plans to make direct queries to PuppetDB. For example you can discover nodes from PuppetDB and then run tasks on them. You'll have to configure the [puppetdb client](bolt_connect_puppetdb.md)before running it. This [tutorial](https://puppet.com/docs/puppetdb/latest/api/query/tutorial-pql.html) shows how to structure queries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the `puppetdb_query` function in plans to make direct queries to PuppetDB. For example you can discover nodes from PuppetDB and then run tasks on them. You'll have to configure the [puppetdb client](bolt_connect_puppetdb.md)before running it. You can learn how to [structure pql queries here](https://puppet.com/docs/puppetdb/latest/api/query/tutorial-pql.html), and find [pql reference and examples here](https://puppet.com/docs/puppetdb/latest/api/query/v4/pql.html)
```
